Readme and Install files changed (#8)
lbryio/odysee-roku: INSTALL.md

## Roku App Build Instructions
https://sdkdocs-archive.roku.com/Loading-and-Running-Your-Application_3737091.html                                                  
## How to Sideload an App on Roku
To sideload an app onto your Roku device, follow the simple step-by-step instructions below.                                                                                                          
1.Using your Roku remote, enter the following button sequence:
> :house: :house: :house: + :arrow_up_small: :arrow_up_small: + :arrow_forward: :arrow_backward: + :arrow_forward:  :arrow_backward: + :arrow_forward:                                                
2. Make a note of the on-screen IP address or check your roku's IP address on your router.
3. Select I Agree on the SDK License page.
4. Create a password.                                             
5. Enter the previously-noted IP address into your browser.       
6. Click on Upload.                                               
7. Select the ZIP file of the channel you want to install.
8. Click on Install.

## Developer Instructions                                         

> If you want to debug, clone this repository and go to roku-main-channel folder. You can see the core files such as components, images, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to debug, clone this repository and go to the MVP-Roku folder. You can see the core files such as components, images, etc.
```
